>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
this is an arrow function, right?
And what we're gonna
put inside of here is,
we're going to put return,
>> Brian Holt: React.createElement,
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
And then you may not necessarily
see this auto-complete,
it'll take a second for VS Code to just
catch up with what you are doing, but
you can just ignore that for now.
Div div, okay.
Empty object and
then here we are gonna put again,
react.createElement, then we're
gonna put inside of that an h1,
>> Brian Holt: With an empty object and
Adopt Me,
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
>> Brian Holt: So what we've done here
is we've created a component called App.
And a component in this particular case
is just a function that whenever it
returns a result of react.createElement.
So let's chat for
a second about what createElement is,
or what app is for a second rather.
I like to describe this as a rubber stamp,
right?
So here we have created our own
rubber stamp called app, right?
Now, you can go to the store and
you can buy a rubber stamp, but
a stamp by itself is not in and
of itself useful, right?
It's only useful when you
actually want to stamp it, right?
So here we've created one,
we haven't actually used the stamp,
we've just created the stamp.
So that's what this function does,
is it allows you to basically stamp
this as many times as you want, okay?
React.createElement in here,
what this is actually doing is it's
stamping something here, right?
So anytime that app gets called,
it's going to stamp a div, and
inside of that it's going to stamp an h1.
>> Brian Holt: So
that's really all components are in React,
is it's just something that
returns markup basically, right?
So again, we've created app, but this in
it of itself doesn't do anything, right?
This is the creation of the stamp,
so we actually need to go create it.
So we're going to go render this to
the DOM by saying ReactDOM.render.
React.createElement App and then we're
gonna tell it where to render it.
And we're gonna say
document.getElementById root.
>> Brian Holt: So this is actually
going to stamp our App because of
this React.createElement.
So the React.createElement can take
an either stamp that you've created, or
it can take in a string like this
where it's actually going to literally
make an h1, right?
Whereas this is going to be
something that we've created,
this is going to be literally an h1
that we're going to output to the DOM.
>> Brian Holt: And as you may guess,
it's going into root which is
going to be this root up here.
>> Brian Holt: So this is about
the simplest React App you can build.
So if I save this,
>> Brian Holt: And go back
over to my browser here, you can see here
that you get a nice little Adopt Me logo.
>> Brian Holt: So just say now
replaced that with CSS, right?
So that's where the h1 went, this is
actually the h1 that we put up there.
>> Brian Holt: So now we're done with
the workshop and you can go home,
I'm just kidding.
I'm gonna use that joke five more times,
so don't even worry about it.
>> Brian Holt: So,
this is the power of React is one,
this is not very
complicated in my opinion.
You can be the judge to that, but
at its simplest, this is what React is.
It's taking a component and
just using it, right?
And the power here is that I can make
components that I put inside of components
that I put inside of components that
I put inside of components, right?
So you kinda have this
composability model with React.